and today I've just got a quick update
video for you guys there will be more
videos coming soon but I just want to do
this because I'm getting spun like crazy
a lot of people asking to join my world
and this is basically the reason I don't
host anymore so you can see these people
in the game unsafe sport I've helped him
before and the Wolfpack about them
before as well but I thought invite them
in and I'm invited a couple of people in
because I thought why not host today and
this is one of the reasons I don't host
because like here he is a person who
wants to join again I've already just
joined for 10 to 15 minutes and then I
tell them to save and they over forget
save or don't get item they need and
this is one of the main reasons I don't
host which anymore and a lot of people
ask for friend requests as well and my
friends list is full here is another
person who joined the game before and
this is one of the reasons don't host as
well because we will lag out it had all
my highly graphic stuff invite back
please
so that means that all of his stuffs
disappeared
and this person joined but didn't get
the a drill they needed so yeah this is
one of the main reasons don't host
anymore just because people can't get
what they want there's only like one of
each item in my world and there's a
couple of big stacks but not a lot and
then that there is these this as well I
couldn't join invite please because some
people can't join my server because my
internet is so laggy and that is one of
the reasons don't really go pay as much
I'm in a pie right now with candles
British kiss friends and ultimate choker
but you know I'm not really talking
about much but I'm trying to help people
out and yeah there's there's tons of
people today who wanted George and I'm
inviting a couple of it in but I
couldn't invite them all just down to
the fact that you know I can only invite
seven people in a time and I've tried
out them and I think it's about time for
these people to save now so let's see if
they actually save it in the 30 seconds
so I always give this warning message if
I do host I put save extra in 30 seconds
and then once I have put that I normally
send it to everybody so let's go ahead
and put that a save Exton in 30 seconds
so that's pretty clear message they've
been in the world for 10 minutes as you
saw before one person to be in for seven
minutes but seven minutes is still a
good amount time he has a load of good
stuff you just needed like one item and
I can guarantee the song message back
saying that they are didn't have enough
time I didn't get what they want and
this is one of the main reasons why join
you guys because I join with some of the
most was throughout some of the most
popular items and ones that people want
so a dog whistle for example a lot of
people on the dog whistle a lot of
people one a load of Frost moon items
and just just things like that really
and there's tons of them where are the
people they are oh I've just gone past
them by a couple of people right so
they're here so dead COO brothers the
wolf pack that's to a key so there's six
people in the game he's not in the game
vital curve is and violence and X is
that's one two three four five and sting
is he in the game is there just five one
two three four five note the six people
and unsafe is bore yeah well there we go
so they're the people that are actually
in the game at the minute so I'm just
send them a message save X to the 30
seconds they've been in school 12
minutes so a 10 to 15 minutes time he's
been in ain't me it's fair enough but
yeah so some of the people that I
invited didn't get through and I have
this person out and he's asking for me
to be a friend and I've got a full
friends list and if you watch my videos
you know that there's a good evil
they're just getting back in but I'm
exit in 30 seconds so they've got 30
seconds now they'll probably have a
little bit more than 30 seconds through
fair but yeah this is sort of just a
video why don't host much anymore and
some of the items just you know because
is any one of these things and yeah fair
enough this twenty thousand stack button
guarantee someone would take the whole
stack if they join but yeah it's just
something like that really and all the
armors up here people can take those but
there's been a couple of taken but not a
lot of people do take them and
yes soku people left the other people
what don't have to go autosave on but
yeah there's also one thing I want to
show you guys if you don't have the
person as a as a friend how domestic is
to click create new message message and
then at the top of his enter game attack
and then when you enter the gamertag
let's just do a test message
what a on frost 1 0 0 0 1 so a 1 frost
by 0 0 1 and guys the game tab once the
game shows in there it'll say 2 and then
just make sure it's right if it's not
correct it'll say this game attacks does
not exist and then we'll just put test
so when the way you do this it should
send to me and then I'll get the message
to test I've got the message right there
so there we go and sorry if I do to help
you guys are really amped big shout to
anyone that are joined today they're all
here and sorry for the people I didn't
get to join because these invites
actually failed the Google of it invites
failed and I'm sorry but my invites
literally my message is glitched out I
500 last night but yeah hopefully you're
a good and some smaller boss this is the
one of the reason why I do not host so
on a smaller boss in my world but anyway
I mixed in now and there we go so people
who follow the rules and this is why I
just gave up hosting really just it
takes too long then people don't get
what they want and yes I'm going to go
ahead and how become people they've
invited me now and yeah so hope you
enjoyed please leave a like and
subscribe stay frosty and